Browsing the sources
============================

The full table of content of the development is accessible [here](https://coqhott.github.io/logrel-coq/coqdoc/toc.html).
To complement it, here is a rough description of the content of every file.

Utilities and AST
---------

| File | Description |
|---|----|
[Utils] | Basic generically useful definitions, notations, tactics…
[BasicAst] | Definitions preceding those of the AST of terms: sorts, binder annotations…
[AutoSubst/] | Abstract syntax tree, renamings, substitutions and many lemmas, generated using the [autosubst-ocaml] opam package.
[AutoSubst/Extra] | Extra instances, notations and tactics to better handle the boilerplate generated by AutoSubst.
[Notations] | Notations used throughout the development. It can be used as an index for notations!
[NormalForms] | Definition of normal and neutral forms, and properties. |

Common typing-related definitions
-------

| File | Description |
|---|----|
[Context] | Definition of contexts and operations on them.
[Weakening] | Definition of a well-formed weakening, and some properties.
[UntypedReduction] | Definition and basic properties of untyped reduction, used to define algorithmic typing.
[GenericTyping] | A generic notion of typing, used to define the logical relation, to be instantiated three times: once with the fully declarative version, once with the mixed declarative and algorithmic one, and once with the fully algorithmic one.

Declarative typing and its properties
--------------

| File | Description |
|---|----|
[DeclarativeTyping] | Defines the theory's typing rules in a declarative fashion, the current definition has a single universe as well as product types and eta-conversion for functions. |
[DeclarativeInstance] | Proof that declarative typing is an instance of generic typing. |

Logical relation and its properties
-----------

| File | Description |
|---|----|
[LogicalRelation] | Contains the logical relation's (**LR**) definition. |
[Induction] | Defines the induction principles over **LR**. Because of universe constraints, **LR** needs two induction principles, one for each type levels. |
[Escape] | Contains a proof of the escape lemma for **LR** |
[Reflexivity] | Reflexivity of the logical relation.
[Irrelevance] | Irrelevance of the logical relation: two reducibly convertible types decode to equivalent predicates. Symmetry is a direct corollary. |
